Feature 372: Pipeline Triggers (#392)
awslabs/aws-deployment-framework: docs/user-guide.md

        size: medium
    params:
      schedule: rate(7 days)
    triggers: # What should trigger this pipeline, and what should be triggered when it completes

>         on_complete:
>             pipelines:
>                 - my-web-app-pipeline # Start this pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      on_complete:
        pipelines:
          - my-web-app-pipeline # Start this pipeline
```

        name: web-app-testing
```

> Completion triggers can also be defined as part of the triggers expanded configuration. Take the above example for the ami-builder pipeline.

Reviewer: Maybe we should propose the use of the `triggers` section going forward. And state that the `completion_trigger` is left in place for backward compatibility. What are your thoughts on this?

If we take this approach, we should flip the samples and show the full example using the `triggers` section and the minified version using the `completion_trigger`.

        role: packer
        size: medium
    params:
      schedule: rate(7 days)
    triggers: # What should trigger this pipeline, and what should be triggered when it completes
      on_complete:
          pipelines:
            - my-web-app-pipeline # Start this pipeline

  - name: my-web-app-pipeline
    default_providers:
      source:
        provider: github
        properties:
          repository: my-web-app
          owner: cool_coder
          oauth_token_path: /adf/github_token
          json_field: token
    targets:
      - path: /banking/testing
        name: web-app-testing
```

### Additional Triggers

Pipelines can also be triggered by other events. For example, a new version of a package hosted on CodeArtifact being published:

```yaml
  - name: ami-builder
    default_providers:
      source:
        provider: codecommit
        properties:
          account_id: 222222222222
      build:
        provider: codebuild
        role: packer
        size: medium
    triggers: # What should trigger this pipeline, and what should be triggered when it completes
      triggered_by:
        code_artifact:
          repository: my_test_repository
```

> In the above example, the *ami-builder* pipeline is triggered by everytime a new package version is published to the *my_test_repository* repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, the *ami-builder* pipeline is triggered when a new package version is published to the *my_test_repository* repository in CodeArtifact. 
```

        name: web-app-testing
```

Completion triggers can also be defined in a short handed fashion. Take the above example for the ami-builder pipeline.
```yaml
  - name: ami-builder
    # Default providers and parameters are the same as defined above.
    # Only difference: instead of using `triggers` it uses the `completion_triggers`
    params:
      schedule: rate(7 days)
    completion_triggers: # What should trigger this pipeline, and what should be triggered when it completes

>         pipelines:
>             - my-web-app-pipeline # Start this pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      pipelines:
        - my-web-app-pipeline # Start this pipeline
```
